Add guide for deploying New Relic with Helm charts (#638)
newrelic/developer-website: src/markdown-pages/automate-workflows/kubernetes-helm-deployment.mdx

---
path: '/automate-workflows/kubernetes-helm-deployment'
duration: '20 min'
title: 'Set up New Relic using Helm charts'
template: 'GuideTemplate'
description: 'Learn how to deploy New Relic using [Helm charts](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts).'
tileShorthand:
  title: 'Set up New Relic using Helm chats'
  description: 'Learn how to set up New Relic using Helm charts'
resources:
  - title: 'New Relic Helm charts'
    url: https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts
  - title: 'New Relic documentation'
    url: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/install-kubernetes-integration-using-helm
  - title: 'What is Helm?'
    url: https://helm.sh/
---

<Intro>

[Helm](https://helm.sh/) is like a package manager for Kubernetes. Helm charts help define, install and upgrade your Kubernetes applications.

In this guide you'll learn how to set up New Relic with the official [New Relic Helm charts](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts). 
The Helm charts will deploy everything you need to get full observability of your Kubernetes environment.

</Intro>

## Before you begin

> This walkthrough assumes you’ve already deployed a Kubernetes cluster. Or simply use our test environment, by following the interactive tutorial at the bottom of this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This walk through assumes you’ve already deployed a Kubernetes cluster. Or you can simply use our test environment, by following the interactive tutorial at the bottom of this page.
```

pod/newrelic-bundle-newrelic-logging-wp22p                    1/1     Running     0          2m53s
pod/newrelic-bundle-nri-kube-events-f9d5bb944-kcxxf           2/2     Running     0          2m53s
pod/newrelic-bundle-nri-metadata-injection-66d76c868b-xrcq8   1/1     Running     0          2m53s
pod/newrelic-bundle-nri-metadata-injection-job-rszw5          0/1     Completed   0          2m53s
pod/newrelic-bundle-nri-prometheus-569689b7cb-pnddg           1/1     Running     0          2m53s
```
</Step>
<Step>

## Use the New Relic Kubernetes cluster explorer

Open the [Kubernetes cluster explorer in New Relic One](https://one.newrelic.com/launcher/k8s-cluster-explorer-nerdlet.cluster-explorer-launcher?pane=eyJuZXJkbGV0SWQiOiJrOHMtY2x1c3Rlci1leHBsb3Jlci1uZXJkbGV0Lms4cy1jbHVzdGVyLWxpc3QifQ==)

You should see something like:

![Launcher artifact with icon.png](../../images/kubernetes-helm-deployment/k8s-cluster-explorer.png)

Want to know more? [Learn how to navigate the Kubernetes cluster explorer](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/understand-use-data/kubernetes-cluster-explorer)

</Step>
</Steps>

## Try it out now

> We have a Kubernetes test cluster ready for you in 2 minutes. By following this on-line tutorial, you will learn how to deploy the New Relic Helm charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can have a Kubernetes test cluster ready for you in a few minutes. By following this on-line tutorial, you will learn how to deploy the New Relic Helm charts.
```

> **Some tips to use the on-line tutorial window:**

Reviewer: I'd suggest making this a  H2 header

Author: Good idea, I used an H3, so it fits under the H2 of the 'try it out now' headerr

- Accept the cookies, so you can see the menu bar.

> - Click anywhere in the tutorial window to start. It will take about 2 minutes for your environment to be ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click anywhere in the tutorial window to start. It will take a few minutes for your environment to be ready.
```

Reviewer: It's hard to know if everyone will have the exact same 2 minute time frame, so i suggest being less specific.

Author: totally makes sense, yep
